


THEME: LOOP
WE DONT WANT JUMPING OR DODGING SHIT

IDEA 1
	POP BLOONS INCREMENTAL GAME
	dart loops from left to right of screen with y = mouse
	bloons drop from top of screen (if they reach the bottom the loop around)
	dart hit bloon = pop it = gain gold = buy shit = get better at popping
	as time goes on? stronger / more bloons drop from sky

IDEA 2
	you launch penguin trying to reach the sky. when you fail you'll land on water and go back to starting point
	there are coins? in the air that give you gold
	buy upgrades to launch higher
	???
	how to fun?

IDEA 3
	PUZZLE GAME? OH GOD


IDEA 4
	you are going around in a circle/loop (no control of this)
	enemies are trying to enter the circle
	when they are close, you can press KEY to punch them or whatever (it kills them, maybe some of them have life and get knocked back instead)
	your spin faster and faster (so it's harder)
	maybe enemies get faster (so it's harder)
	are there upgrades? surely

	enemies entering the circle takes a life
	you have limited lives? (people suck at games be careful)

	after certain amount of time boss shows up? kill it to win?
	the game should not only be time based, but also speed up if you kill enemies fast enough? that way the game can be beat faster and leaderboards are cool

	attacking has a cooldown, but it is reset if you hit something (to prevent spamming)

	key to go faster? riskier but possibly save time?

	special enemy that we want to let in the circle because it doesn't take a life. it instead gives bonus gold or something

	do we mess with the circle/loop size? idk


main menu sounds too loud. are we playing them many tiems??
	or is our volume on load not being used? probably not

UPGRADES?
	auto attack with cooldown
	tower kind of thing that shoots enemies?
	can hit more enemies per punch
	+lives?

give enemies a speed boost at the beginning so we dont have to wait too long for the action to start
should dash be upgrade?
killing an enemy should speed up enemy spawns? so we can go faster
enemy scaling

button tooltip
button hotkey
option to turn off damage numbers
buy x10 and x100

add cooldown on miss attack
PARTICLESSSS
health bars?
enemies with different movement pattern
maybe boss shoulndt stop spawns